                         "A Friend in Need"
By: Phil Phantom

     We financially outgrew our suburban neighborhood about a
decade ago.  We bought this 3/2/2 cracker box sixteen years ago. 
We've added on, built a pool, deck, sauna, weight room, and den. 
Our neighbors are jealous, but they're still friends.  We've
known most of them from the beginning--four couples especially. 
They've all been through tough times.  Cheryl and I have helped
them all from time to time.  I'm lucky, I suppose.  I'm a
top-notch salesman.  I'm never out of work or money.  I'm also
free with my money.  My friends think I'm generous to a fault. 
When we go out as a group, I usually grab the check.  We
entertain a great deal.  Our home is like a yuppie playground. 
The drinks are free, the music is sixties/seventies, and there's
no need to drive home drunk.  Either stagger home or crash where
you are.
     Frank and Rachel are our best friends.  We knew
them from high school.  Frank is an auto mechanic; Rachel sells
Avon--mostly to Cheryl.  Cheryl is fucking Frank fairly
regularly.  I've had the pleasure of bopping Rachel a few times
when she gets shit-faced.  Cheryl is bisexual.  She's had Rachel
more than I have - also when shit-faced..  Rachel gets teased
about that a great deal.  She's straight as an arrow with a body
that is anything but straight.
     Ed and Inez live next door.  Ed owns a dry cleaner.  Inez
keeps the books.  I loaned them the money to start their
business.  Inez paid the interest to Cheryl by periodically
depositing tender kisses between her legs.  Ed paid interest as
well, making sperm deposits in Cheryl's sperm bank.  Though the
debt has been repaid for years, Ed keeps paying interest.  Ed and
Inez are not bad looking; but, of the girls, Inez would have to
be considered the only plain one in the bunch and a little on the
chubby side.  I've never fucked Inez, probably never will.
     David and Sue are our holy rollers.  They never miss church,
though they've given up on winning converts from any of us. 
David is the only guy that has never fucked my wife, though she
has tried.  Sue, on the other hand, will lift her skirt and
spread her legs at the snap of my finger.  I had to use a little
friendly blackmail to condition her - a few immodest pictures
taken at a drunken bash on New Years Eve 1986 did the trick.  Sue
needs an excuse to commit adultery, but GOD can that woman commit
adultery!  She's a genuine three-holer holy roller.  Praise the
Lord!  
     She's also the mother of my second child (two-year-old
Jennifer).  This caused quite a scandal.  I have fire red hair. 
David and Sue are both brunettes.  Jennifer has fire red hair. 
David just started returning to the group last year, though Sue
never left.  David turns a blind eye to his wife's infidelity.  I
get a big kick out of making it difficult for him.  Getting her
pregnant was easy.  I simply told her to get off the pill and
avoid sex with Dave during ovulation.  I ordered her track her
cycles for me and report to me for twice-daily screwings at those
times when she was most fertile.  She put up a mild fuss, swore
she couldn't, but the next day, she presented me with her unused
pills and a chart.  Sue is my little whore and I treat her as
such.  Cheryl gets a kick out of that.  Sue has resisted my
attempts to get her and Cheryl together.  She's weakening,
though.
     And last, but certainly not least, Neal and Diane.  Neal was
everybody's best friend, a regular party animal.  He had a joke
for every occasion, the life of every party.  He and my wife were
lovers.  Diane was by far the most attractive woman in our group.
She was also the youngest at twenty four, the most educated, the
most cultured, and the most stuck-up.  She stands five two,
has a full head of silky brown hair down to her ass, and has a
figure that stops express trains (38-22-36).  Rachel gives Diane
Avon cosmetics to wear just for the free advertisement.  Frankly,
Diane could make a mud pack look good.  She has perfect white
teeth, huge brown eyes, and full lips.  I'm a leg man, and I've
never seen finer legs on any woman.  Unfortunately, Diane doesn't
mess around, drink, or have any vices to exploit.  She's new to
the group.  Neal married her three years ago.  We, at least the
guys and Cheryl,  were excited by her addition.  We've been
salivating ever since her arrival.
     Neal died in a car wreck three months ago.  He was a great
guy but a lousy driver and lousier gambler.  He had no life
insurance and owed a fortune in gambling debts.  Diane had never
worked a day in her life, had no family to turn to, and we were
her only friends.  When they came to foreclose on the house, we
naturally took her in.  What are friends for?  
     During that first week, she was treated as a guest.  As we
got to know her better, and realized how dire her circumstances
were, we began seeing her in a different light.  She was helpless
on her own and frightened of the outside world.  All she wanted
to do was read and tend the garden.  Cheryl was the first to
suggest that we make Diane work for her keep.  This idea came
after repeated rejects to her advances.  I tried to put the make
on her myself, but grounded out at first base.  Cheryl was
pissed.  She wanted to make Diane a domestic servant.  She said
she could train the bitch.  When she described the uniform she
had in mind, I smiled and told her to go for it.
     At dinner that evening, Cheryl dropped the bomb on Diane. 
Diane sat meekly listening as Cheryl explained the necessity of
either sending her away, or putting her to work.  Diane's
submissive acceptance inspired Cheryl to sharpen her tone.  She
came across as a strict task master, warning and threatening
Diane.  Cheryl offered work in exchange for room and board and a
small allowance.  
     I was embarrassed, so was our son, Jason.  Jason was
seventeen and Diane's presence in the house had him in tight
pants most of the time.  He revered Diane, treated her like a
goddess.  Hearing his mother treat her like a low-life domestic
boggled his mind.  Seeing Diane accept it, boggled mine.  By the
time Cheryl was through, tears started flowing down Diane's
cheeks.  To add insult to injury, Cheryl told her that it was not
proper for domestics to eat with the family.  She told her to
take her plate to the kitchen.  Diane hung her head, picked up
her dinner, and departed.
     When she was out of ear shot, I looked to Cheryl and started
to speak.  She shushed me with a raised hand, and said, "Don't
say anything, Red.  I know what I'm doing."  She looked at Jason
and added, "Do you like her, Jason?"  He nodded.  "Would you like
to see what she looks like naked?"  His eyes bugged out.  He
swallowed hard and nodded vigorously.  "If I am successful,
you'll get more than that."
     Jason turned to me and said, "Let Mom handle this, Dad.  She
knows what she's doing."
     The boy thinks with the head of his dick, but so did I at
his age.  I said, "Hey, she's all yours, Cheryl.  I'm staying out
of this completely." 
     Cheryl began at once to train Diane.  She started with the
cleaning-up after dinner and dogged her until late in the
evening.  Diane could do no right.  Cheryl brought her to tears
several times.  Cheryl reminded me of a drill sergeant at boot
camp: loud, degrading, demeaning, and authoritative.  What's
more, Diane reminded me of a young trainee: frightened, nervous,
unsure, moldable.  
     Jason and I cringed when Cheryl first slapped Diane across
the face for not addressing her as ma'am.  We left the room when
Cheryl forced Diane's nose into some gravy she'd spilled on the
floor.  After three days, Cheryl had Diane stepping and fetching. 
She had her calling her ma'am, calling me, sir, and calling
Jason, master.  Jason loved his title.
     On the fourth day, after breaking a cheap vase, Cheryl
instituted spanking.  She took Diane by the elbow and marched
her into the garage.  We heard the smacks and cries.  Right after
the spanking, Jason disappeared into his room for an hour.  I
later learned that Cheryl had administered the spanking on
Diane's naked ass after making her lift her skirt and bend at the
waist.  Cheryl dragged her panties to her ankles.  She described
Diane's pouting sex lips and her extra large clit.  She took the
spanking well and juiced-up nicely.  Cheryl reported that her
training was progressing well.  I had to agree.
     By week's end, Cheryl was taking Diane to the garage hourly
it seemed.  Diane spent more time in the garage than out.  Jason
spent as much time in his room as Diane spent in the garage.  For
major infractions, like forgetting to call Jason, Master, Cheryl 
used a wide leather belt and made her strip naked.  After a
punishment session, she made Diane stand with her nose pressed
into a corner for up to three hours, still naked.  Jason and I
found countless excuses to go to the garage after a whipping. 
God, what a body!  
     Cheryl did not hit Diane hard, but she did redden her ass
and thighs.  Diane never laid out or even wore a swim suit.  She
had no tan line, and her skin, besides being blemish free, was
the color of cream all over.  The reddened area stood out in
stark contrast.  You could see where every blow landed for hours
afterwards.  Having us see her naked backside caused Diane no end
of embarrassment.  She clenched her legs tightly together and
pressed bodily into the corner as though trying to merge with the
wall.
     Cheryl was quite pleased with the progress she made with
Diane.  She had Diane attending her toilet: bathing her, painting
her toes, doing her hair and make-up, even trimming her pubic
bush.  Cheryl shaves her cunt lips, or used to until Diane
started doing it for her.  In addition to these personal
services, she calls on Diane to clean her after sex with Frank. 
She said she could make her do it with her tongue, but was saving
that for a special occasion.  I was in awe of Cheryl's success.  
     The others new nothing of Cheryl's work.  They only knew
that Diane was helping out around the house.  Whenever someone
stopped by, Diane was busy.  Cheryl planned a coming out party
for Diane.  On the Friday before the weekend get-together, Cheryl
handed Diane her new uniform and ordered her to put it on.  She
instructed her to wear it without bra or panties.  Diane took one
look at the dress and cringed.  She begged Cheryl not to make her
wear it.  Cheryl was adamant.  Jason and I were introduced to the
dress at dinner that evening.  We almost fell out of our chairs.
     The dress was exceedingly short with an open bodice.  The
ruffled lace hem did not hide her lower moons, nor did it hide
much in front.  Were it not for the white apron, we could have
easily seen her pussy.  The tiny apron just barely hid her cleft,
coming just below the juncture of her thighs.  She wore
wide-pattern fish net stockings and a pair of five-inch heels. 
The waist pinched in tight and flared to the bust line.  The
wired top cupped her breasts, presenting them more than covering
them.  The full upper globes quivered in the half cups.  The tops
of each nipple crested the rim.  When Diane turned, we saw that
the back was open to her ass, showing the top of her ass crack
framed by the tails of the bow.  Diane was beet red throughout
dinner.
     After her first departure, I turned to Cheryl and said,
"Outstanding!  How did you get her to put that thing on?"
     "It was easy after I gave her a real whipping.  If she
bends over, you'll see the welts."
     "No Shit!  What did you use on her?"
     "I cut a switch from the willow tree."
     "Damn, and she took it?"
     "Yes, she took it.  Honestly, Red, you amaze me sometimes. 
Do you really think she doesn't want this?  Christ, she almost
had an orgasm while I was doing it."
     Jason piped in, "Mom, are you serious?  She liked it!"
     "Jason, sweetheart, you know nothing about women.  If you
learn nothing else, remember, never listen to what a woman says. 
Learn to read body language.  A woman's body can't lie."
     "I don't get it."
     "Well, I'm sure as hell not going to give lessons.  Maybe
your father can clue you in.  He does know some things."
     Diane returned with ice tea and looked flushed.  She
bashfully made the rounds, filling our glasses.  Jason and I
tried reading her body language.  All we could read was, "Please!
Stop staring at my body."  Cheryl must have read, "Please do
something to make me show my pussy and naked ass."  
     Cheryl's fork flipped from her hand and landed on the floor
behind her.  Diane eyed it nervously.  Cheryl said, "Remember how
I told you to pick things up.  There's a fresh switch in the
garage if you forgot."
     Diane's face reddened.  She moved to the fork, facing away
from me and Jason.  She took a deep breath then bent from the
waist with her feet about eighteen inches apart.  Her skirt rose
up over her streaked moons and her pussy peeked out from between
her tawny alabaster thighs.  Her shiny pink clit hung out at the
bottom of the slick coral crease and her full inner lips fanned
out like an orchid.  Her asshole could also be seen when she was
at her lowest.  She picked up the fork and slowly returned to an
upright posture.  She remained fully doubled over with her head
past her knees much longer than was necessary - a five second
count, I learned later.  She then stood slowly, wiped the fork on
her apron,  and returned it to the side of Cheryl's plate. 
Cheryl smiled and dismissed her.  Her whole body had a red glow. 
When Diane left the room, Cheryl said, "If you two can't read
that body language, you're both blind as bats."
     It was an obscene display, totally out of character for
Diane.  Jason looked confused.  I turned to him and said, "Son,
that wasn't just a vagina you saw, that was a very aroused
vagina.  She loved showing it to us, despite how she acted."
     "How can you tell?"
     Cheryl said, "Hold on, Red.  Before you start, I think I'd
like to take my leave.  I'll go check on the help."
     After she left, Jason smiled and said, "Mom doesn't
embarrass easily.  This must be good."
     "I don't think it is embarrassment as much as discomfort. 
Anyway, did you notice how full and open her cunt was?"
     "Heck yeah!"
     "Did you see how her clit stood out, all pink and wet
looking?"
     "Yeah, I noticed."
     "Did you see how her inner labia lips were full open and
wet?"
     "You mean the flabby part?"
     "Right, and besides, that pussy was drooling.  Normally, you
can't see inside a pussy with the legs that close together unless
it's aroused.  Pussies are like cocks, when aroused, they fill
with blood, swell up, and open up.  That pussy was ready for a
fucking."
     "Wow!  Is Mom going to let you fuck her?"
     "When the time is right, she'll probably let both of us fuck
her.  Just be patient."
     "Do you really think it might happen?"
     "It sure looks that way."
     Jason pushed back from the table and stood, saying, "I've
had enough dinner.  I'm going to my room."
     I smiled and said, "Don't wear it out, Son; you might need
it soon."  He blushed and left.
     Cheryl returned right after he left.  She smiled and said,
"My poor baby.  I heard what you told him.  That was beautiful; I
should have stayed.  Hell, I should have told him myself.  I
don't know why I get this way around him.  I'd like to be totally
free and open.  I can't even bring myself to walk around naked in
front of him.  Isn't that silly?"
     "I'm sure he wishes you would.  Go see him right now.  You
can break the ice."
     "Yeah, right.  I could give him a hand, I suppose."
     "Hand, hell, the kid needs a fuckin' blow job."
     "Well, he'll soon be getting that from the maid.  By the
way, she's hotter than hell.  I fingered her in there.  Her pussy
feels like membrane soup."  Cheryl held her wet hand up and said,
"Want a whiff?"
     "Please, I'm eating dinner."
     "Excuse me!  Since when did you become a connoisseur?"
     "When I get a whiff of Diane's pussy, I want to get it off
my own fingers, thank you."
     "Suit yourself, but it might be a few days."
     "Not by the looks of things."
     "Hey, if you want it, she's in the kitchen.  Just bend her
over the counter and pork the slut."
     "I'll wait.  I don't want to scare her off at this point."
     "Shit, Red, we couldn't drive her off with a team of killer
dogs.  We're stuck with the bitch."
     "Poor us.  What WILL we do?"  Cheryl smiled.
     That evening, we were treated to a punishment session in the
living room.  Cheryl made Diane strip right in front of me and
Jason.  She then took a belt to her ass and thighs.  Cheryl made
her stand with her ass facing us and took her time.  Diane's
juices were drooling down her inner thighs before Cheryl was
through.  Afterwards, she made Diane stand in the corner facing
us until bedtime.  Jason had to leave the room twice.
     Saturday afternoon, everyone gathered at the house for a
pool-side barbecue.  Diane kept out of sight until the critical
moment.  It was her job to bring out the ribs.  Everyone knew
that something was going on because Cheryl requested that they
all leave their kids at home.  Cheryl waited until everyone was
settled on the deck, then rang a bell.  When Diane stepped
through the patio doors in that uniform, carrying the platter of
raw meat, there was a sudden mass intake of air, absolute
silence, then a pin dropped.  Sue also dropped her drink.
     Diane never looked sexier.  She had a full body blush as she
stepped awkwardly towards the table, trying not to catch her
spike heels in the decking cracks.  The wind whipped at her thin
apron, treating us to flashes of her pussy, freshly shaved bald. 
All eyes followed her progress as she twisted away from the wind.
Tongues fell to the deck; flies flew in and out of open mouths. 
Diane set the tray beside the grill, turned to Cheryl and said,
almost in tears, "Will there be anything else, Ma'am?"
     "No, just attend my guests and keep their drinks fresh." 
Diane did a curtsey and departed.  Cheryl smiled at our
astonished guests.  
     I wasn't sure how our friends would take this.  Diane was a
friend, our beloved Neal's widow.  They'd grown accustomed to
Cheryl's bizarre behavior.  The women accepted Cheryl as a
mistress to their husbands.  Her bisexuality was an amusement. 
Inez and Rachel had experienced Cheryl as unwilling lovers. 
Neither was bisexual.  Inez had taken quite a ribbing while she
was paying interest on the loan.  Cheryl used to take her off
from the group and return her with a wet face.  The women all
knew that if they got too drunk, they were likely to be assaulted
by Cheryl.  It was a running joke.  They playfully called Cheryl
a sexual predator.  When Diane came into the group, we all knew
she'd have to have her.  Diane proved to be unreachable.  She
never let her hair down, never drank, never got crazy.  She was
always modestly dressed and always the proper lady.  Seeing Diane
play the subservient maid in that outfit told volumes.  They all
knew how vulnerable Diane was and how determined and crafty
Cheryl could be.
     For the longest time, nobody spoke.  Finally, Rachel stood
and toasted Cheryl, saying, "Well, I suppose congratulations are
in order.  Maybe now I can tie one on without worrying about
waking up with a woman's thighs clamped over my ears."
     Nervous laughter broke out, thawing the tension.  Frank
said, "How is she, Cheryl?"
     "As a maid, she sucks."  Everyone broke up laughing at what
they thought was a double meaning.
     Inez said, "It just takes practice.  Like they say, once you
get past the smell, you've got it licked."  More laughter
followed.
     Diane returned carrying a tray of fresh drinks.  She seemed
to be adjusting to the exposure.  Though still flushed, she no
longer bothered turning against the wind.  She let the wind blow
her apron up and tolerated the eyes feasting on her privates.  At
first, her old friends tried not to be obvious about their
stares.  Before long, they looked openly, unabashedly, even
dipping heads to look between her legs.  Even the women
participated.  Amazingly, no one treated her as an old friend, an
equal.  Cheryl never told them how to act, they just picked up on
it.  Comments about Diane's body began to flow in her presence. 
They spoke about her as though she weren't there.  Cheryl enjoyed
Diane's humiliation.  Diane kept her cool composure even when
someone poked a head under her skirt.  She almost lost it when 
Frank grabbed her ass and made her spill a drink on the
bikini-clad Rachel.  Rachel swiped scotch off her bare legs and
cried, "Clumsy bitch!"  Rachel had never been terribly fond of
Diane.
     Diane turned fearful eyes on Cheryl and set the tray down. 
She apologized and began wiping Rachel's legs with a hand towel,
giving the rest of us a delightful display of her naked pussy. 
She seemed oblivious of the show she was putting on as she
swabbed Rachel's widely parted legs.  Ed leaned in close to me
and said, "I don't fuckin' believe this.  You fuck her yet, Red?"
     I smiled.  Frank leaned around Diane's leg and looked right
into Diane's crotch from the rear and exclaimed, "Jesus H Christ,
her cunt is bald as a baby's butt.  His hand went between her
legs, instantly bringing Diane erect.   She stiffened as Frank
entered her.  Cheryl shouted, "You take care of Rachel, bitch!" 
Slowly, trying to ignore Frank's plunging fingers, Diane returned
to wiping Rachel's dry legs as Rachel hung her legs over the arm
rests of her chair.  Frank was lewdly finger-fucking Diane using
his two middle fingers and whipping her crotch into a froth. 
Diane's knees appeared ready to buckle as she dutifully accepted
the abuse and attended Rachel's inner thighs.
     During this lewd exhibition, Dave and Sue sat quietly on my
left, Sue at my side.  Sue was taking it all in.  Her eyes rarely
left Diane's loins.  Dave hadn't said a word.  He had long ago
learned to leave his morality at the door.  He knew that at some
point during the party, I'd take his wife by the hand and lead
her to my bedroom, usually at a time when everyone was looking
and could see where we went.  Afterwards, I'd return her looking
fresh-fucked, her hair a mess, her lipstick smeared, and semen
trailing down her legs.  Sue enjoyed being put on display in this
way, though she always protested mildly.  With Sue, you can only
get her to do what she wants to do anyway.  She just needs to
feel helpless and pressured.  
     As she watched Frank abusing Diane, her face and neck grew
splotches of red, a dead give away to her state of arousal.  When
Diane fell to her knees and succumbed to a powerful orgasm, Sue
reached over and gripped my hand tightly, telegraphing her
immediate need.  When I didn't respond, she tugged.  When that
didn't work, she stood and pulled me to my feet, leading me into
the house.  She dragged me to the bedroom, shut the door, and
attacked me.  The woman was insatiable.  She had me exposed, on
my back, and mounted in record time.  I took advantage of her
aroused state to press once again on behalf of Cheryl.  I said,
"Sue, I'm getting tired of you putting off my wife.  She wants
you.  Either you make yourself available to her, or I'm sending
your pictures out to your parents and telling them who their
grandchild's father really is."
     I'd made this idle threat so many times, it was quite
powerless.  This time, however, Sue said, "Is there no other
way?"
     I said no, somewhat surprised.  She hung her head in mock
surrender and said, "I won't resist.  Is she going to treat me
like Diane?"
     I hadn't thought about that, but quickly said, "You can
count on it, and Dave better learn to accept it."
     She looked into my eyes while riding my cock and said, "Dave
knows his place, Red.  Our daughter is proof of that.  If he
pouts or complains, he knows he won't get any for weeks."  She
paused, then said, "When are you going to tell Cheryl?"  
     "Right after we're through."
     "God, do you think she might put me and Diane together?"
     "How do you mean?"
     "You know, make us do things to each other, put on a show."
     "You mean like make you lick Diane's pussy in front of
everyone."
     "YES!"
     "In the nude?"
     "YES!  Both of us."
     "I think she will."
     Sue moaned and bucked harder, riding my erection.  After a
few moments, she said,  "Red, I'm pregnant again.  It's yours.  I
told Dave right before we came over."
     "Did you tell him it was mine?"
     "Yes, but that wasn't necessary.  Since I've been off the
pill, he's been using a condom."
     "No wonder he was so quiet."
     "Red, are you going to make me carry this one full term
also?"
     "What do you think?"
     She rode me harder, bucking furiously.  She exploded in
climax and slowed to a slow, gentle easy ride, moaning in
ecstasy.  She looked at me through glassy eyes, smiled, and said,
"Everyone knows I'm your whore, Red.  Tammy [her
thirteen-year-old daughter], the neighbors, the church, even my
parents know.  Anyone that knows you and takes one look at Jenny
knows.  Going anywhere with her is like having a sign on my ass
that says, 'Red's Whore.'" 
     "Good, soon you'll have two signs, won't you?"
     "Yes!  You bastard, you've ruined me.  I'm not going to
fight you anymore."
     This declaration was more than I'd dreamed.  For the past
two years, I've been trying to set Jason up with Tammy.  Sue has
steadfastly refused.  Tammy is not allowed to date and rarely
visits us.  She has blossomed into a gorgeous teen in the past
year, a small version of her mother.  Jason has had his eye on
her ever since she developed tits.  Sue knows damn well that to
let Tammy go out with Jason was tantamount to handing over her
cherry.  Jason has a bad reputation.  I've bailed him out of
three statutory rape charges by paying off parents.  I said, "In
that case, tell Tammy she has a date with Jason tonight."
     Sue stopped her motion to stare at me.  She shook her head
slowly, then said, "You won't give up, will you?"
     "No, I won't."
     She thought for a moment.  My dick grew inside her.  She
felt it stir and began moving once again.  She bit her lower lip
and then said, "All right, I'll do it."
     I reached to the bedside phone and handed her the handset,
saying, "Call her."
     She took it, paused, then dialed.  She said, "Hello, Tammy. 
Sweetheart, I want you to do me a favor.  I want you to go out
with Jason tonight....no, on a date....yes, I've changed my mind.
I think you're old enough now....I don't know where he's taking
you, just be ready by eight."
     I cupped the mouthpiece and said, "Tell her to wear a
sexy dress."
     "Honey, you better wear a dress.  He might take you to a
nice restaurant....No, wear the yellow one....I know what I said
about it, but you do look cute in it....No, I'm not
setting any curfew.  Jason's a big boy; he knows when too late
is.  Okay, bye."  She hung up and said, "Are you happy now?  I'm
surprised you didn't make me tell her to go without panties."
     "I didn't think of it, but panties are no problem for
Jason."
     Sue rode my now stiff erection, building up speed.  She
moaned, "God, I can't believe I'm setting her up for this.  Just
last week I forbid her to wear that dress again.  It's at least
two sizes too small.  She must think I've lost my mind.  Dave
will be livid."
     "What's one more whore going to matter?"
     "That's true.  Besides, misery loves company."
     She was bucking and bouncing again.  I said, "You don't look
miserable to me."  She smiled.  Jason smiled when I told him he
had a date with Tammy and that he had no curfew. 
     Sue had worn a modest two piece swimsuit covered by one of
Dave's shirts.  When we finished fucking, I made her wear only
the shirt.  In addition, I only let her button the two bottom
buttons.  When she stood, semen poured down her legs.  She looked
at herself in the mirror, turned and looked at the rear view. 
She looked at me and smiled bashfully, saying, "This will
definitely blow Dave's mind, not to mention the rest of them. 
Are you sure you want me to go out there like this with Jason
still home?"
     "Sure, why not.  He'll be fucking you one day.  He may as
well get a peek."
     "My, but we are bold now, aren't we?  I see you took me at
my word."
     "Absolutely.  Come on, you have a show to do."
     I led Sue to the patio doors and eased her through.  She got
a sudden case of nerves at the last moment.  Diane passed her on
the way in and looked down.  Someone had pulled Diane's top below
her tits and removed her apron.  The stiff top pushed up on the
underside of her big mounds distorting them grossly.  I gave her
left tit a squeeze as she passed me.
     All eyes focused on Sue as we stepped onto the patio.  Sue
blushed and headed for her chair.  Dave looked away in disgust. 
Everybody else smiled.  I gave Frank and Ed a high five.  I took
Cheryl aside at the first opportunity and filled her in on the
latest developments.  She was delighted to say the least.  She
told me that Ed yanked Diane's top down and fingered her to
another climax.  I noticed that his hand had been a little
sticky.
     I went to tell Jason the good news as Cheryl returned to the
party.  When I returned to the patio, Cheryl had Sue's shirt wide
open and was inviting everyone to feel the baby kick.  Of course,
no one could feel the baby kick.  It was only two months along. 
They did, however, feel Sue.  She took the groping of her crotch
stoically.  Only Dave and Inez abstained.  I went over and patted
Dave's shoulder, saying, "Well, it looks like you're going to be
a daddy for a third time."
     He looked up and said, "No, you are."
     "Now, now, Dave.  Let's not split hairs.  What comes out of
your wife is yours, old buddy."
     "That's awfully generous considering how much you've put
in my wife."
     Sue shot her husband a disapproving look as Ed fingered her
cunt.  She said sternly, "Dave, I warned you about that attitude. 
What goes into my body is none of your fucking business.  Now,
you apologize to Red this instant."
     Dave looked at the fingers plowing his wife's furrow.  Sue 
widened her legs and drew the shirt flaps off her breasts,
leaning back.  He looked to me and said, "I'm sorry, Red."
     Sue smiled, then added, "Dave, Jason is taking Tammy out
tonight.  I want you to give him some money.  This is her first
date.  I want it to be special.  Tell him she doesn't need to be
home at any special time and give him a condom."
     Dave looked at his wife with incredulous eyes.  She stared
hard right back.  For a second, it looked like Dave was growing a
spine, but he stood and checked his wallet.  He went into the
house, headed for Jason's room.  I found out later that he gave
Jason fifty bucks and a condom.
     While Dave was seeing Jason, Diane returned.  Cheryl
stripped her and ordered her to kneel before Sue.  Sue had her
legs draped over her chair arm rests.  The rest of us gathered
around as Cheryl ordered Diane to lick Sue's pussy.  Diane slowly
dipped her head between Sue's legs and licked.  Sue grabbed her
head and pulled her in tight.  Frank knelt behind Diane and
entered her pussy.  After Frank came, we had the two girls get
into a sixty nine with Sue on top.  Ed mounted Sue.  After Ed
came, they flipped over and I fucked Diane in the ass.  Inez
dropped to her knees before Cheryl and ate her pussy.  Rachel
fingered Inez and herself at the same time.  Dave walked in on
this scene.  Jason caught the tail end of the act as he headed
out the door on his way to pick up Tammy.  They got home at two
in the morning.  Sue and Dave had just left.  Inez and Ed were
leaving.  Frank had passed out.  Rachel, Diane, and Cheryl were
using the master bedroom. 
     I sat on the sofa, recovering as Jason led Tammy inside. 
Tammy's yellow dress was torn to shreds.  Her right breast hung
out and the skirt was ripped up the front to her navel.  She had
no bra, panties, or shoes.  Cum matted her hair.  Jason tugged
her along and stood her before me proudly.  I surveyed her young
body and smiled.  Jason parted the skirt halves to show me her
cum leaking pussy.  I gave him a thumb's up.  He smiled and took
Tammy to his bedroom.
     That was a banner day at our house.  Diane is now a
well-trained whore, as are Sue and Tammy.  Diane wears only the
apron, now.  She sleeps at the foot of Jason's bed.  Tammy is a
feature performer at our parties.  Everybody fucks her, and all
the women use her.  She's pregnant now, two months behind her
mother.  Lord only knows who the father is.  It might even be
Dave.  I just hope it isn't a red head.      
          

                        THE END